you
we share what we love and it reminds us
what we all
you
look at that face how can you resist
surprisingly there's a lot of older dogs
like Oscar for in need of a new family
to love them most older dogs aren't
given up for adoption because of the
ager problems or because they aren't
great companions
a change in work schedule divorce or
moving to a location that doesn't allow
dogs older duck more often than not it's
due to extenuating life circumstances
such as the passing or severe illness of
their Guardians is the older dogs are
often the favorites of shelter staff and
volunteers not because they feel sorry
for them but because they can be the
most loving enjoyable and well-behaved
companions you could ever wish for there
are so many benefits to adopting an
older dog here are just a few with an
older dog what you see is what you get
you won't have to guess how big you'll
be or what his personality will be like
once he's mature
you
older dogs can be the perfect companion
for just about anyone they usually don't
require the time stamina or patience
needed to train the finest energy of an
adolescent dog or puppy plus most older
dogs are already house trained and are
often better walking on leech in fact a
lot of them even know tricks speaking of
tricks you really can teach an old dog
new tricks older dogs typically have
longer attention spans two so they'll be
more focused when you train together now
while every dog is different many older
dogs will settle into their new homes
quickly because they know how to share a
home with people and understand what is
and isn't acceptable in a home and as
far as any questions about bonding with
an older dog and no worries they'll
absorb all of the love and affection you
can give them older dogs will love you
just as much as any dog can ask almost
anyone who has adopted an older dog and
you'll hear the same thing they are the
lucky ones
you
we share what we love and it reminds us
what we all
you